aggregate support for mongo 3.6 (#159)
vert-x3/vertx-mongo-client: src/main/asciidoc/dataobjects.adoc

= Cheatsheets

[[AggregateOptions]]
== AggregateOptions

++++
 Options used to configure aggregate operations.
++++
'''

[cols=">25%,^25%,50%"]
[frame="topbot"]
|===
^|Name | Type ^| Description
|[[allowDiskUse]]`allowDiskUse`|`Boolean`|
+++

> Set the flag if writing to temporary files is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the flag for enabling/disabling writing  to the _tmp subdirectory in the dbPath directory.
.  Defaults to false if not set.
```

+++
|[[batchSize]]`batchSize`|`Number (int)`|
+++

> Set the batch size for methods loading found data in batches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the batch size for methods loading in data.
```
